---
layout: default
title: Testimonials
permalink: /testimonials/
---

# Client Testimonials

&nbsp;

<div class="client-testimonial"><!--base32-41mpwwv5e9u20ub6e9gput90-base32--><p class="testimonial-text"><!--base32-418nakum8mg58haragg0-base32--></p><p class="testimonial-author"><!--base32-418nakum8mg42nam917n480-base32--></p><p><strong><em>"Eric Gardner is a fantastic realtor! He helped us sell our current home and purchase a new one. He even offered great advice regarding a contractor to clean up the new place."</em></strong></p><p>-Stephen T.</p><p><br /><strong><em>"Eric is fantastic! He is very knowledgeable and dedicated. Whenever I needed him or had a quick question, he was always quick to respond. He made the whole home buying process very easy."</em></strong></p><p>-Ginger S.</p><p><br /><strong><em>"Eric was very on top of everything, and quick to respond every time. &nbsp;He made my first house buying experience low stress, and smooth. &nbsp;I would recommend him to anyone looking to purchase a house."</em></strong></p><p>-Josh Sanger</p><p><strong><em><br />"I cannot say enough great things about working with Tyler. My husband and I have worked with realtors in the past, and honestly were a little burned by the experience. We were hesitant to begin the process again, but needed more space with another little one on the way. A friend of ours recently sold their house and highly recommended him, so we decided to give it a chance. Tyler listened to every request we made, made the process fun, and found us our dream home. He was even able to negotiate the sellers down even more than we expected. Every property he showed us, we could tell he did his homework before we even walked in the door. If you are looking for someone who will help you every step of the way and represent you well, Tyler is your guy!"</em></strong></p><p>-Jennifer A.</p><p><strong><em><br />"As someone who has worked with many realtors over the years, I have to say this was one of the smoothest transactions I've dealt with in a long time. Tyler is very knowledgable and certainly puts in the hours to make sure you don't have to. Looking forward to working with him again in the near future."</em></strong></p><p>-Eddie M.</p><p><strong><em><br />"I was blown away by Tyler! He knew so many small details about buying houses, areas we were looking into and how to negotiate properly. It completely changed how i look at buying houses. Because of his expertise I ended up with the best house I've ever owned, It's the only time I've bought a house and have been 100% satisfied after the fact. On top of all that he's such a great guy i now consider him a real friend! I wouldn't choose anyone else."</em></strong></p><p>-Nate B.</p><p><strong><em><br />"Tyler helped me complete my first home purchase and I can honestly say this deal wouldn't have been made without him. Working with Tyler was hands down the best customer service experience I've had and an absolute pleasure. He is professional, always does what he says he will do and will bend over backwards to make sure things are as easy as possible for you when buying a new home. If you are looking into a real estate transaction, make sure you do yourself a favor and work with Tyler because you won't regret it."</em></strong></p><p>-Keith Y.</p><p><strong><em><br />"After searching for over a year my fiance &amp; I walked into a house &amp; completely fell in love. while there, I noticed photos hanging on the wall which showed the house being built back in 1953. I nonchalantly told Tyler, "if we buy this house I want this!"<br />today, Tyler presented the framed photographs to us after we'd signed the contract on our 1st house!</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>Thank you, Ty, for working with us for months to find the perfect spot, &amp; for your great communication, optimistic attitude, &amp; savvy, in-depth knowledge of real estate. we absolutely loved working with you again &amp; will continue to highly recommend you to all of our friends &amp; family.&nbsp;<br />Thanks for working hard to make this dream a reality for us &amp; for not leaving me when I sent you thousands of MLS listings"</em></strong></p><p>-Lia C.</p><p><strong><em><br />"We had a great home buying experience working with Eric Gardiner. He helped us find exactly what we were looking for, fast, and kept us informed and comfortable through the full process."</em></strong></p><p>-Brian V</p><p><strong><em><br />"Eric Gardiner at Blackwell Realty Group was my realtor for my first home purchase in Wasatch County. Eric is a great dude and a skilled and professional real estate agent. Eric and Blackwell Realty Group were a pleasure to work with through the entire home buying process, and they went out of their way to assist me with anything I needed. I loved working with these guys, will hire them again, and highly recommend you hire them too."</em></strong></p><p>-Trevor J</p><p><strong><em><br />"We had the pleasure of working with Brandon and his team at Blackwell Realty Group in the recent purchase of our home. &nbsp;We gave Brandon the specifics we were looking for and a very short timeline in which to accomplish it. &nbsp;He quickly found us several homes to look at and once decision to purchase was made Brandon worked diligently to make it happen. &nbsp;This was by far the easiest home purchase! &nbsp;Highly recommend Blackwell Realty Group!"</em></strong></p><p>-Jean</p><p><strong><em><br />"The pressure was on Blackwell Realty Group as you could imagine (note the last name). I started Brandon on a search for a nice Condo for an investment property that met my specific needs the first week of January with a crisp deadline. &nbsp;After a lot of calls, site visits and awesome individual attention a deal was completed. &nbsp;We actually were able to close early and move in on January 27th, now that's fast and I couldn't be happier. &nbsp;Brandon did a great job, the whole process from start to finish was seamless, his support services and contacts are amazing."</em></strong></p><p>-Boyde Blackwell</p><p><strong><em><br />"After trying to sell our house For Sale By Owner Brandon was able to sell our home( that we were upside down in for 8 years), and get our dream home that was right across the street. It wasn&rsquo;t even on the market yet."</em></strong></p><p>-Chris</p><p><strong><em><br />"Working with Blackwell Realty Group was simply a delight from start to finish. Brandon has a great energy and enthusiasm for what he does; it made both the selling and buying experience with both our homes easier than we imagined. He has a vast amount of knowledge and experience under his belt that showed throughout the entire process of working with him. If you're looking for an honest realtor with experience, education, great negotiation skills, and even better communication skills, look no further."</em></strong></p><p>-Karissa Lamb</p><p><strong><em><br />"I recently purchased my first home (duplex) with Brandon, and couldn&rsquo;t be happier with the seemingly uneasy process. He was awesome to work with on all accounts... helped me narrow down my options, was patient in walking me through homes, and answered my questions in layman&rsquo;s terms. I felt very confident in Brandon&rsquo;s housing knowledge, and his team is always available to help. Highly recommend Blackwell Realty Group!"</em></strong></p><p>-Shaun Fuhriman</p><p><strong><em><br />"Brandon and Eric are a great team to work with. I worked directly with Brandon on two home purchases and one sell. Brandon was amazing both from a buyer and a seller's perspective. Communication was great and he always seemed available to answer my questions....and I asked a lot, especially with the purchase of my first home. I cannot recommend Blackwell Realty Group enough."</em></strong></p><p>-Kyle</p><p><strong><em><br />"It was such a pleasant experience to work with Eric of Blackwell Realty. New in Bountiful and needing to find a home, we entered information on a home and immediately received a call from Eric answering our questions. He also emailed info on several other homes, set up an appointment to look at 4 or 5 homes the next day. Within a little over a week, we found and purchased a home. Eric was always available and happy to meet with us. We would recommend Eric with high regard!"</em></strong></p><p>-Tanis</p><p><strong><em><br />"Brandon was awesome. It was our first time buying a house and Brandon helped us through the whole thing. We were always able to get in touch with him, and he was able to answer all of our questions. I would recommend Brandon to anyone."</em></strong></p><p>-Justin Thomas</p><p><strong><em><br />"Originally we thought that a realtor wouldn't be needed to buy our home. Then we met up with Brandon who had way more insight into communities, negotiation, and processes than we could have imagined. It was by far the best decision in our home buying process. Brandon was professional, understanding &nbsp; of our circumstances, and took time to explain everything in detail to us. Highly recommended!!!!"</em></strong></p><p>-Ryan Holbrook</p><p><strong><em><br />"Brandon listened to every request I wanted. He was positive and worked hard to find me a great buyer, he put on an open house in my home and found us a buyer that same day. He helped me look and find the house I wanted, again listening to the specifics I was looking for. He responded to every text &nbsp; and phone call in excellent time. He was friendly with my children, helping them feel part of the home looking process. I highly recommend Brandon Blackwell!"</em></strong></p><p><strong><em></em></strong>-Angelee Luther</p></div>